hi I'm Kevin James I'd like to introduce
you to the P moriata
86 UL this is a very fine saxophone the
feature is acid-washed raw on lacquered
brass which allows the instrument to
vibrate more freely features a smaller
Bell and straight drawn tom holes it
also features a very nice very beautiful
vintage style engraving this is a sermon
it sounds really good in a wide variety
of styles ranging from classical music
to jazz whatever you're playing
rock'n'roll heart soul R&B or anything
this this instrument responds very very
well on the stage allowing you to
deliver your performance you know
without having to fight the instrument
as well as classical music
you